[LLMObs] Add Google GenAI, edit Google GenerativeAI (#30463)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/sdk/auto_instrumentation.md

- [Streamed chat messages][11]:
  - `Anthropic().messages.stream()`, `AsyncAnthropic().messages.stream()`

## Google GenAI

> The Google GenAI integration provides automatic tracing for methods in the [Google GenAI Python SDK][19]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Google GenAI integration automatically traces methods in the [Google GenAI Python SDK][19].
```
